proofreading_mri (#32)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/medical-image-processing: episodes/mri.md

 'magic']
```

Notice that **methods** require you to include () at the end of them  when you call them whereas **attributes** do not.
The key difference between a method and an attribute is:

- Attributes are *variables* belonging to an object and containing information about their properties or characteristics

> - Methods are *processes* that belong to an object and are designed to perform actions involving the object's attributes. All methods are functions. 

Reviewer: I think this is clearer and technically more correct

numpy.ndarray
```

The data is a multidimensional **array**. Of note we can also use the array by accessing the loaded file's dataobj property:

```python

> t2_img.dataobj

Author: I did not commit this because , I want them to see how it returns the object to spark a discussion as it doesn't show the valuesm\, but shows the array-like object

## Challenge: Slicing MRI Data

Now try selecting the 20th slice from the y-axis (load it into a variable).

> Then try selecting the 4rd slice from the x-axis (load it into a variable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, select the 4th slice along the x-axis and store it in another variable.
```
